# Development Files

This directory contains files that are used for developing tha NASEM-Model-Python package


## Structure
- `scripts/`: Contains standalone Python scripts used for development.
- `notebooks/`: Contains Jupyter notebooks for experimenting with model applications.
- `notes/`: Contains text files and spreadsheets with information about the package and the NASEM model.
- `data/`: Contains data files used by the scripts or notebooks.


## Scripts
### `create_end_to_end_test_json.py`

This script takes a JSON output generated by the R version of the NASEM model and formats it as an integration test for the package.

### `run_NASEM.py`

Runs the NASEM model and allows users to interact with the outputs.


## Notebooks
### `dev_iterate_diets.ipynb`
Uses the package to calculate energy and protein requirements for different animals and diets.

### `dev_NASEM.ipynb`
Allows running the NASEM model in a Jupyter Notebook setting for interactive experimentation.


## Notes
### `Variable List.xlsx`
Contains a list of variables used in the model. The package has been refactored multiple times since this was created and some of the information is no longer correct.

### `Notes for setting up quartodocs.txt`
Instructions for setting up and using Quarto for documentation.

### `notes for pytest coverage.txt`
Guidelines for generating coverage reports using pytest-cov.

### `Poetry package instructions.md`
Steps and guidelines for setting up and using Poetry for package management.

### `variable_descriptions.csv`
Descriptions and details of various variables used in the model.


## Data
### `variable_names.csv`
A list of all variable names in the packgage. Use to create DAG.


## Usage
### Running Scripts
To run a script, navigate to the `scripts/` directory and execute it using Python:
```sh
cd dev/scripts
python example_script.py
```


## Contribution Guidelines
If you add new scripts or notebooks, please ensure they are well-documented and placed in the appropriate subdirectory. Update this README if necessary to reflect any new additions.
